---
layout: page
title: About
---


<!-- Before I came to the U.S., I had got my B.S. and M.S. from <a
href="http://cs11.ustc.edu.cn/en/more.php?siteid=573&amp;tplset=depte1&
amp;catalogid=575&amp;pid=573" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">the
Computer Science Department</a> at <a href="http://www.ustc.edu.cn/en/"
rel="nofollow" target="_blank">University of Science and Technology of
China</a>.  In Fall 2004, I joined <a
href="http://sci.asu.edu/about/cse.php" rel="nofollow"
target="_blank">the Computer Science and Engineering Department</a> at
<a href="http://www.asu.edu/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Arizona
State University</a> as a graduate student. This is the beginning of my
journey towards a Ph.D. -->

![Alt text](/public/qiyan2.jpg "CamelBack@Pheonix")

Sometimes I look back on what I have done in the past, I cannot even 
believe that I touched so many exciting things.

When I was in college, I had a chance of working with a post-doc in our
department on the contented-based image retrieval[^1]. Clearly it was a
hard problem. The tool that we were using to attack this problem is the
BP neural network. To improve the result, we thought of an interactive
retrieval. Different from the traditional submit-question-return-answer
search engine, the new approach might not be able to return the
satisfactory result first, instead it invites the user to give its
feedback if the result is not perfect. An improved result will be given
in the following taking the user feedback into account, until the user
gets the right image, conceptually. Besides the BP neutral network, we
had tried other techniques, such as the interactive genetic algorithm
([IGA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interactive_evolutionary_computation#IGA))[^2].

Then [ImageNet](www.image-net.org/) didn't exist, so we tried to crawl
many images from the Internet. Whereas the variety was a problem as most
of the images we got were landscape photos. You can image that the
quality of our work was kind of limited. However, working on this
project was really an inspiring experience to me, as it opened a door to
an unknown world where I had never been. 



[^1]: [Content-based Interactive Emotional Image Retrieval](http://www.cqvip.com/Read/Read.aspx?id=5868569)
[^2]: [The Application of the IGA in the CBIR](http://www.cqvip.com/qk/90287x/200401/9625006.html)